README.md, before:

# MonoGame.Primitives2D
The 2D XNA Primitives project ported to the modern world.

## Changelog
### 2020-02-19 (1.1.0)
General clean-up and preparations to create a NuGet package:
 * Clean up license and readme
 * Remove sample project
 * Update MonoGame to version 3.7.1.189
 * Update the project files to Visual Studio 2019
 * Add MonoGame icon
 * Update Assembly information in preparation for NuGet package creation
 * Create NuGet package manifest

### 2017-11-27 (1.0.0)
Differences with the original [repository](https://bitbucket.org/C3/2d-xna-primitives/wiki/Home) (last updated 2012):
 * Updated the project files to Visual Studio 2017
 * Updated to .NET Framework 4.5
 * Updated to MonoGame 3.6 instead of using XNA
 * Renamed namespaces
 * New sample project based on the original
 * Removed old broken sample projects
 * Updated the sample project with DrawLine and PutPixel examples
 
 ## License
 This work is licensed under the zlib license, which is pretty close to saying: do what you want.

Commit message:

Add NuGet package URL to readme

README.md, after:

# MonoGame.Primitives2D
The 2D XNA Primitives project ported to the modern world.

This library can also be found as a NuGet package on https://www.nuget.org/packages/MonoGame.Primitives2D/

## Changelog
### 2020-02-19 (1.1.0)
General clean-up and preparations to create a NuGet package:
 * Clean up license and readme
 * Remove sample project
 * Update MonoGame to version 3.7.1.189
 * Update the project files to Visual Studio 2019
 * Add MonoGame icon
 * Update Assembly information in preparation for NuGet package creation
 * Create NuGet package manifest

### 2017-11-27 (1.0.0)
Differences with the original [repository](https://bitbucket.org/C3/2d-xna-primitives/wiki/Home) (last updated 2012):
 * Updated the project files to Visual Studio 2017
 * Updated to .NET Framework 4.5
 * Updated to MonoGame 3.6 instead of using XNA
 * Renamed namespaces
 * New sample project based on the original
 * Removed old broken sample projects
 * Updated the sample project with DrawLine and PutPixel examples
 
 ## License
 This work is licensed under the zlib license, which is pretty close to saying: do what you want.
